I was on my own
Speaking to the wall
on 16th floor
feeling so alone
the rain starts to fall
then i wrote a song
the day getting older
but i still have hope
about a life that asked for more
it's hard for sure
i give my best and all
life is like a war
one thing that i know
i don't wanna jump and fall
so i'll keep flying up and high
keeping my dream up in the sky
no body getting me to the ground
but if i do then i'm gonna stand up,up to the sky....
up,up,to the sky
the rain keeps on falling
pounding on my door
i don't care what's coming
as long as i have hope
about a life that asked for more
it's hard for sure
i give my best and all
life is like a war
one thing that i know
i don't wanna jump and fall
over and over again
so i'll keep flying up and high
keeping my dream up in the sky
nobody's getting me to the ground
but if i do then i'm gonna stand up,up to the sky
up,up to the sky
(my dreams,my hope,please standby)
(gonna ride you back to the sky )
(chain my wings,lock me inside)
(can't stop me i'm gonna fly)
so i'll keep flying up and high
keeping my dream up in the sky
even when i go to the ground
i'm gonna keep standing up
i'm gone,i'm gone up
one day i'll be living my dreams
in the sky